The campus is gorgeous and feels so lively.
It's been a long process getting here, but now you're really here!
Your roommate seems nice, and you get along well.
Classes are interesting, though rigorous.
Mechanical Engineering is difficult.
As is maintaining your relationship.
He's coming to visit for the first time in just few days.
Everything feels so new and exciting.

Things are different the second year.
You've moved into a nice apartment with some friends from the dorms.
You've thought about it and decided that Chemistry might be a better fit.
Classes are just as hard, but different. It does feel much better.
You joined a sorority, and its an interesting experience.
And you're still with him; despite some doubts, you've never been happier.
He visits as much as possible, and you drive up to him just as much.
The stress is a lot to bear, but everything seems to be working out well.

Third year is much like the second.
Same apartment, though different roomates. This living situation is much nicer.
Chemistry is still really tough, but you're sure its what you want to do now.
Teaching is the plan now.
You're much more involved with your sorority, even taking a leadership position of sorts.
Your relationship has suddenly become even longer-distance though.
It's really hard, and sometimes it feels like it won't work.
But you are both trying, and it keeps working; it's been more than two years now.
And they've been a good two years.

It's your fourth and final year.
You're in a house now, which is exciting.
The garage took some work, but it's probably the best room in the house.
You've doubled down on school, and backed off the sorority.
But you're still on track to finish on time.
And you and him are still going strong. Stronger than ever in fact.
He still makes you so happy. Everything seems right.

After you graduate, you're ready to start your life in earnest.
Unfortunately he's not quite in the same place.
You've been anticipating this, thinking through your options and figuring out your feelings.

Press [M] to start your life together, or press [B] to go your own way.