You slip your bag off and hang it up on a nearby hook.
It's always quiet when you get home, seeing as its the middle of the day.
At first its welcoming; dealing with those kids can be draining.
But after so long the house just seems empty.
You fix yourself a snack before heading into the living room.
You turn the TV on, more for background noise than anything. But How I Met Your Mother never gets old.
You settle onto the couch and start to grade a stack of today's test.

The jingle of keys in a lock rouses you.
Your papers have collapsed and splayed out to your side. You must have fallen asleep.
You peek your head over the couch as the front door opens and he walks in.
He sorts through the mail in his hand while walking into the living room.
He absentmindedly sets his laptop bag on the table, and before he even looks up you've closed the distance.
You open your mouth to speak but have to stifle a yawn as you wrap your arms around his neck.
"Hi sleepy girl," he says smiling. You kiss him, which is the best greeting he could ask for.

"That was delicious. Are you finished?" he says, getting up to take your plate and his.
Water starts running in the sink, and you double wrap yourself in the blanket; its much colder once he's up.
"Hey, I found this pretty neat looking bar down the street, how about we go down there and check it out?"
You contemplate. You still have lots of papers to grade and only half of a lesson plan for tomorrow.
Eh. One night off couldn't hurt. "Sure, let's go. But just for one drink."

You sigh contentedly, rolling onto your side as he wraps his arms around you to spoon you.
It was supposed to be one drink, but this pleasant buzz you feel now makes up for it.
And not to mention how fantastic the sex is when we've both indulged a little.
You pull him closer as you gaze out the window, seeing the yard bathed in moonlight.
You smile while he buries his head in your shoulder and kisses up your neck before whispering in your ear.
"What do you say we make this official?" he says, his lips brushing against your earlobe.
You're confused for a moment, unsure what he means. Then it dawns on you.

Press [M] to get married, or press [K] to skip it.