You walk in and find your usual table over by the bookshelves, still empty for the next few moments.
Classes let out, people being to file in behind you.
You take your seat and start pulling out your homework despite the fact you probably won't finish.
One by one, friends come in and set up around the table.
You attempt to keep concentrating on your work, but all the banter around you makes it difficult.
Eventually the use of a computer is necessary, you leave your friends and make your way to a kiosk.
You saddle up to a computer a decent ways from all your friends. You settle in for a while...	
	
Despite all the hassle, you manage to get a decent amount done. It's sent off to the printers.
You feel someone edge up next to you, but you don't pay much attention until you're about to leave.
"Hey... I didn't get a chance to talk with you earlier, but I have something I wanted to give you."
You turn around and face him. He seems to be holding a couple CDs.
"What're those?" you reply, a little guarded. This isn't a new occurrence, but it feels different.
"Oh, just some music I thought you'd appreciate. Couple songs that make me think of you--"
He's acting sheepish. You can tell he's holding something back.
"--but you should probably wait until you get home to listen. The first track is, uh, personal..."
"Um, ok..." you say, a bit confused but you have a creeping suspicion you know what he means.
"I just, um-- I don't know if you already have a date, but I wanted to ask you to prom..."
And there it was. Timing couldn't be worse.
"Oh, wow... Thank you. That's sweet of you," you say, a bit at a loss for words.
"And, you know, if you need to think about it that's fine. It's no big deal either way."
"It's just that... Well, I was asked just like, an hour before..."
The words kind of just fall out of your mouth as the uncomfortableness sinks in.
"Oh, yeah, sure... Don't worry about it. Let me know what you think of the music."
	
The rest of the interaction is a blur. You're not quite sure what to do.
It's a predicament... He's really nice, but will anything come of it...?
Should I just play it safe? Would it be worthwhile?
I don't know...
Press [L] to listen to the CDs, or press [T] to play it safe.