Despite how early it is, you're already pretty tired.
It's been a very long day getting ready for prom.
Flowing red dress on, hair is done, makeup is done, pictures done... For now.
He came over. You were a little nervous about having him meet your mom, but everything seems ok.
Although you're nervous about more than that.
He's nice, and you can tell he really likes you. The CDs were adorable. But with so much going on this year and the next...
But he does look pretty good in the red and black.

You both join up with the group, and its more pictures.
Eventually the bus comes and we're all ready to head down. It even had a toilet and stripper pole for some reason.
Once you get there, its even more pictures until dinner. But seeing everyone all dressed up is worth it.
From there, its a night full of dancing and acting goofy with friends.
A couple songs in and it slows down. You share a glance with him before he takes you by the hand and pulls you closer.
You dance in the stereotypical high school slow dance position. But that's ok.
You don't seem to mind how close he's holding you, or how warm his hands feel on your waist.

Everyone has decided to go to Denny's now that the dance is over.
The bus is packed up again, more and more shenanigans on the way down.
Some people decide to change, the formal wear is definitely... wearing after so long.
The tiredness seems to have receded somewhat, everyone is back to talking and messing around.
Denny's goes like it always does: more goofiness, lots of loud discussions, and its always fun.

As the night winds down to a close, everyone shuffles out toward the parking lot.
Everyone says their long, drawn-out goodbyes, and we all start leaving.
He takes your hand in his as you're walking. Damn, how is he so warm when its so cold out?
You wrap your arm around his, if nothing else just to see if you can absorb some more heat.

He takes you home, you're both ready to call it a night.
You stop outside your front door.
"Did you have a good time?" he asks.
"Yeah, I really did", you reply, the surprise coming through a bit more than you meant, but he doesn't seem to notice.
"I'm glad, I did too". He smiles at you. You take a step closer.
Then you kiss. You couldn't help it. It doesn't last long, but it doesn't need to.
"Well then, I guess I'll see you back at school". He smiles again and leaves. You smile to yourself.
Tonight was a good night.
Press [C] to continue.