Despite how early it is, you're already pretty tired.
It's been a very long day getting ready for prom.
Flowing red dress on, hair is done, makeup is done, pictures done... For now.
So many pictures. Both at home and with the group.
Your date came over to your place, lots of pictures taken by mom.
Then joining up with the group, more pictures in the backyard.
And then more in the party bus. Mostly of the toilet and stripper poles.
Now we have to line up to take EVEN MORE pictures at the dance.
Hopefully this night picks up soon...

Now you're exhausted.
The night went pretty well, all in all.
Dinner was really nice, especially getting to see everyone all dressed up.
Of course there were even more pictures at that time.
There was lots of dancing, lots of acting goofy with friends.
You even saw him around with his date, looking very nice in his blue tie and vest.
He looked like he was having a good time, but he did keep looking over at you a lot on the dance floor.

Everyone has decided to go to Denny's now that the dance is over.
He's even coming, though he had to meet up with us back at the house before taking the bus with us.
A few change clothes, its been a long night. We all pile back on to the bus. 
The tiredness seems to have receded somewhat, everyone is back to talking and messing around.
You're surrounded by mutual friends, but he keeps stealing glances over at you.
Denny's goes like it always does: more goofiness, lots of loud discussions, and its always fun.

As the night winds down to a close, everyone shuffles out toward the parking lot.
You're definitely ready to go home, but you linger a little.
He does so too. He catches up to you, a bit removed from the whole group who are still saying their goodbyes.
"Hey, I just wanted to make sure I got a chance to see you before you took off. Did you have a good time?"
"Oh yeah, I had a lot of fun", you reply.
"That's good. I thought you looked really pretty tonight..." he says, looking away while he turns a bit red.
"Well thank you, you didn't look so bad yourself", you say just as sheepishly.
"Thanks... I'm a little disappointed we didn't get a chance to dance together though."
"I know. It was just a crazy night. I'm glad we got to hang out after though."
"Oh well. Anyways, I'll let you get going. I'll see you at school."
Then he hugs you. He's warm, too warm considering how chilly it is outside. And soft. It feels safe.

You pull apart, more reluctantly than with any other hug. You realize it probably lasted a while.
"Have a good night", you both say, and he walks off and heads home.
You eventually do the same. It's been a long day. But it feels different now. Maybe something has changed.
Regardless, school is still coming on Monday...